What!
How dare a mere section chief disrespect my husband
They are all taught and deceived
I have no eyes and offended you.
Please don't make the adults forgive you.
You are the head of the security section
Law enforcement should be fair
If I were not the Dragon King today
Can you abuse your power to bully others?
You are the Dragon King
Please forgive me this time.
I will enforce the law impartially in the future
No need to wait for me to inherit the throne of the Dragon King
I also report to the king
Chechal and other corrupt elements
Give the people of Great Xia a fair account
And you
You flatter him crocodiles and promote crocodile evil
I can't blame him for being able to get away with it now
overbearing
If something goes wrong, say you are obeying others
Wash yourself clean
We were wrong.
Dragon King Dragon King is also King
Lord Wang and
Whether you are an official or a citizen
Benevolence, righteousness and the rule of law shall prevail
If you don't repent
This king will not forgive
Thank you, Dragon King
Take him down here!
After listening, it will fall. Yes.
Let's go
Did my sister scare you just now? Are you alright?
Sister is alright
Since you are all here
Then pick your clothes
It will be regarded as a wedding gift from my sister to you.
Ok ok let's go
Fan Ruoli actually wants to marry Xiao Yan, this trash
Where did you go?
To hurt him for so long
But there is no chance to kill Xiao Yan
Don't worry baby
I have already invited my uncle, Emperor Ximen
I'm going to make them kneel in front of you later